[Docs] Add drag scrolling example to Pointing device docs page (#15715)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/feature_pointing_device.md

```

Recall that the mouse report is set to zero (except the buttons) whenever it is sent, so the scrolling would only occur once in each case.

### Drag Scroll or Mouse Scroll

A very common implementation is to use the mouse movement to scroll instead of moving the cursor on the system.  This uses the `pointing_device_task_user` callback to intercept and modify the mouse report before it's sent to the host system. 

```c
enum custom_keycodes {
    DRAG_SCROLL = SAFE_RANGE,
};

bool set_scrolling = false;

report_mouse_t pointing_device_task_user(report_mouse_t mouse_report) {
    if (set_scrolling) {
        mouse_report.h = mouse_report.x;
        mouse_report.v = mouse_report.y;
        mouse_report.x = mouse_report.y = 0
    }
    return mouse_report;
}

bool process_record_user(uint16_t keycode, keyrecord_t *record) {
    if (keycode == DRAG_SCROLL && record->event.pressed) {
        set_scrolling = !set_scrolling;
    }
    return true;
}
```

> This allows you to toggle back and worth between scrolling and cursor movement by moving the mouse or trackball.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows you to toggle between scrolling and cursor movement by pressing the DRAG_SCROLL key.  
```
